Here is a children's story with Harry Potter as the hero, Tom Riddle as the villain, and Snap as a side character:

**The Quest for the Golden Wand**

Harry Potter was sitting in Professor McGonagall's Transfiguration class, trying to concentrate on his notes, but his mind kept wandering. He had just received a mysterious letter from an unknown sender, inviting him to a special quest.

The letter read:

"Dear Harry,

We need your help! The Golden Wand of Merlin has been stolen from our secret society, and we believe Tom Riddle, also known as Lord Voldemort, is behind the theft. We need a brave and clever wizard like you to retrieve the wand and bring it back to us.

Meet us at the old oak tree in the Hogwarts forest at midnight. Come alone.

Yours, Snap"

Harry was intrigued. He had heard of the Golden Wand of Merlin, a legendary wand said to have incredible powers. And he knew that Tom Riddle was not someone to be trifled with.

That night, Harry slipped out of the castle and made his way to the old oak tree. As he arrived, he saw Snap, a Hufflepuff student, waiting for him.

"Snap! I thought you were just a joke," Harry said, amazed.

"Ha! I may not be the best at magic, but I'm good at sneaking around and finding clues," Snap replied, grinning.

Together, they followed the trail of clues that Snap had set out for them. They encountered all sorts of obstacles, from treacherous tunnels to treacherous creatures, but Harry and Snap worked together to overcome them.

Finally, they reached the hidden lair of Tom Riddle, where they found the Golden Wand of Merlin displayed on a pedestal.

"Ah, Harry Potter," Tom Riddle sneered. "I've been expecting you. You're just in time to witness the unveiling of my new powers, thanks to this Golden Wand."

With a flick of his wand, Tom Riddle sent a dark spell hurtling towards Harry and Snap. But Harry was quick, and managed to deflect the spell with his own wand. Snap, meanwhile, had grabbed a nearby rock and used it to deflect the spell back at Tom Riddle.

The villain stumbled backward, giving Harry and Snap the chance to grab the Golden Wand of Merlin. With its power, they were able to defeat Tom Riddle's dark magic and send him fleeing.

As they made their way back to Hogwarts, Harry turned to Snap and said, "You know, you're not so bad for a joke."

Snap grinned. "Thanks, Harry. I think we make a pretty good team."

And from that day on, Harry, Snap, and the Golden Wand of Merlin were celebrated heroes of Hogwarts.