Once upon a time, in a world of magic, Harry Potter was feeling restless. He had just finished his studies at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was itching for a new adventure. Little did he know, one was just around the corner.

As he wandered through the castle, he stumbled upon a mysterious map that seemed to be calling his name. It led him to a hidden passageway, where he found himself face to face with his old nemesis, Tom Riddle, also known as Lord Voldemort.

"Ah, Harry Potter," Tom sneered, his eyes gleaming with malice. "I've been waiting for you. You see, I've discovered a way to harness the power of the earth's core, and I plan to use it to take over the wizarding world!"

Harry knew he had to act fast. He quickly reached for his trusty wand and prepared for battle. But just as the duel was about to begin, a loud, barking voice echoed through the passageway.

"Halt, nasty piece of work! You're not taking over the world today, Lord Voldemort!"

It was none other than Snap, Harry's loyal but awkward half-giant friend. Snap had been tracking Tom for weeks, determined to stop him from carrying out his evil plans.

Together, Harry and Snap charged at Tom, but the dark wizard was not going down without a fight. They battled furiously, exchanging spells and curses, until Harry came up with a clever idea.

Using his magical skills, Harry created a massive rockslide, blocking Tom's path and giving them a chance to gain the upper hand. With a final confundus charm, Harry was able to stun Tom and send him flying into the darkness.

As they caught their breath, Harry turned to Snap and grinned. "Thanks for your help back there, buddy. We make a pretty good team, don't we?"

Snap beamed with pride, his ears flapping wildly as he nodded. "Yeah, we do, Harry! And I've got a feeling this is just the beginning of our greatest adventures yet!"

And with that, the two friends disappear into the darkness, ready to face whatever dangers lay ahead, side by side and ready to save the wizarding world from the clutches of evil. The end.